this is the story of Gerald McCoy and
the strange thing that happened to that
little boy they say it all started when
Gerald was two that's the age kids start
talking least most of them do well when
he started talking you know what he said
he didn't talk words he went instead
what's that cried his father his face
turning gray that's a very odd thing for
a young boy to say and poor Gerald
father rushed to the phone and quick
dial the number a dr. Malone come over
past the poor father Flynn
our boy can't speak words he goes boy
boy
I see said the doctor it's the Jews head
he doesn't speak Birds he goes for my
brain brain boy instead I've no cure
this I can't handle the case and he
packed up his pills and walked out of
the place then months passed and Gerald
got louder and louder till one day he
went like a big keg of powder it was
then that his father said this is enough
he'll drive us both mad with this
terrible stuff a boy of his age
shouldn't sound like a fool he's gotta
learn words we must send him to school
from public school seven to mrs. McCoy
your little son Gerald's a most hopeless
boy we cannot accept him for we have a
rule that pupils must not go in our
school your boy will go all his life I'm
afraid Sincerely Yours fanny shoals
teacher first grade
but as little Gerald grew older he found
when a fella goes whooping no one wants
him around when a fella goes he can't
have any pals and his lighten the gal
yeah yeah they all shouted your names
that McCoy your gerald mcboing boing the
night
aren't you Gerald McCoy more than any
wake sweeps a boy I have searched for
you many long weeks I can make you the
most famous red in the nation for I
owner radio station I need a smart
fellow make all the sounds who can bark
like a dog
well well well and they like the hounds
oh the gong is terrific for to dish
inspired come to the point boy you're
hired
the Dalton Gang stuck up the stagecoach
it known and debarments are holed up in
panties to lose a sheriff can't you let
him not even the law knows how to be 23
Benjamin yeah hold on there partner one
fella knows how it's silent Sam
Steelheart and here he comes now now his
parents proud parents are able to boast
that their jeralds known coast-to-coast
how Gerald is rich his friends he's well
fed cause he doesn't speak words he goes
instead